fix: add simple example to Project Euler: Problem 2 challenge (#38915)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-2-even-fibonacci-numbers.english.md

<div style='text-align: center;'>1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...</div>

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed <code>n</code>, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

> For example, say <code>n = 8</code>, your function should sum the even-valued Fibonacci numbers between <code> 1 and 8</code>. So,<code>fiboEvenSum(8)</code> should return <code>10</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if <code>n = 8</code>, your function should sum the even-valued Fibonacci numbers between <code>1 and 8</code>, inclusive. So, <code>fiboEvenSum(8)</code> should return <code>10</code>.
```

> For example, if <code>n = 8</code>, your function should sum the even-valued Fibonacci numbers between <code>1 and 8</code>, inclusive. So, <code>fiboEvenSum(8)</code> should return <code>10</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if <code>n = 8</code>, your function should sum the even-valued Fibonacci numbers between <code>1</code> and <code>8</code>, inclusive. So, <code>fiboEvenSum(8)</code> should return <code>10</code>.
```

Author: no problem. I'll change that. I only speak English though. Will you open another issue for the translation then

Reviewer: Let me clarify: What happens with challenges is anything that is not inside `<code></code>` tags, can be automatically translated (hopefully), or contributors in the other languages, know to manually translate elements not inside those tags.

Author: ok. I see. I'll use Google translate to change the text outside the `<code></code>` tag then. I'll update the PR when I'm done.

Reviewer: No, you do not need to do that. The `code` tags just assist the other contributors. You do not need to translate anything for this PR.

Author: Ok. Thanks for clarifying. I'll push the correction to your suggested changes now

> For example, if <code>n = 8</code>, your function should sum the even-valued Fibonacci numbers between <code>1</code> and <code>8</code>, inclusive. So, <code>fiboEvenSum(8)</code> should return <code>10</code>.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we want it like this. Why not make the example a test?
